Mom, I want to eat Kentucky's?
And I want no junk food.
Let the children eat if they want
Don't use the same set you used when you were a kid
To ask them
Haven't you heard the saying that a loving mother is a loser?
Dad, but she's a girl
You little flower head really can't do anything about you
But we agreed that we can only eat once a month
Ok ok
Dad never let me eat it before
Okay, I'll go back and deal with it right now.
I have gone back to deal with it in advance.
Come by yourself first
It's Mrs. Talo, who did you see?
You go and help me with one thing
After it is done, our Lu family will be rewarded a lot.
You say
Mom, I want that good mom to buy it for you.
How much is this toy?
That's a limited edition from our store.
There is a price on it, see for yourself.
That's too expensive.
If you can't afford it, don't come out and embarrass yourself
How do you speak?
Mrs. Chen, you are here
This is what my daughter likes
Sorry, sorry.
I don't know where the little poor ghost came from
Take things from our store
Mom, but that's all I want.
Little girl movie
It's yours.
Don't look at your identity